+++
title = "2020-11-18"
date = 2020-11-18

[extra]
feels = 6
+++

# thoughts

i've done it about three times now, but here's my attempt at restarting a log
of sort. part of my conflict is the desire to have one central source of truth
but also a place for public auditing, whatever that may mean. in late 2020, at
least, this now includes my coworkers and anyone possibly interested in my
work. another aspect of this is struggling under the spectacle and crisis of
covid19 in the usa. the situation is far from ideal.

# work

note: work really means *work* now. i have a job. thanks to sam and meredith, truly.

past few days i have been working my way through the PDF-1.7 standard
references. this is synonymous/the same thing as ISO 32000-1, which is why
adobe's 1.7 reference is the last reference document they've released.

this research/note taking is largely focused on chapter seven (syntax), and my
focus has been on subsections ยง7.1-3, 5, 7, and 9.

i hope to have most of this done today and finished by tomorrow. i might be
tempted to transcribe some kind of personal note dump on PDF or, at minimum,
exporting the hand notes i've taken.

an aside - i am internally conflicted over taking notes via org-mode, which is
faster, vs by hand, which i tend to remember much more of but is much more time
intensive. i digress.

finally, the goal after this is to work on my ggg pdf parser proper. what this
still means is a bit shaky, but i hope that getting a proper comms channel
going internally as well with my peers at BAE will help clear up the
picture. this might be the time for outlining a technical doc and writing up
lists of things i know i need to do based on the pdf.c parser and pypdf.

# non-work
with covid19, this winter will be particularly dark. i am looking into
revisiting pincers in a serious manner to keep me occupied, along with
facilitating some kind of reading group on baudrillard, maybe. also, i'm making
x files a thing again. i watched through it several times early in college --
well, the good seasons, at least -- and find it as one of the few television
shows i genuinely enjoy. it's a good way to burn an hour or two in the evening.

# exercise
aside from running or doing things like pushup indoors, i don't have many
options right now. it's really depressing.
