+++
title = "sudo init 6"
description = "rebooting an old habit, for better, for worse"
date=2019-08-09

insert_anchor_links = "right"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["test"]
categories = ["updates"]

[extra]
+++

# return code `0`

i've decided to remake my blog, yet again, after four intermittent years of
writing. a part of this has to do with the forking paths i find myself slowly
approaching: with the end of university, things like job hunting, future living
arrangements, and figuring out what i want to do with myself, professional and
otherwise, sit constantly at the front of my mind. *naturally*, remaking my
blog using a new stack of technologies[^1] is a natural coping mechanism to all
of this.

jokes aside, the other major motivation for restarting this endeavor is that
i've found myself wanting to write again, particularly on things technical. the
past two years have been hectic but in recent months I've found myself with
more free time and more things i want to write about, especially as i play with
tools and concepts i've been wanting to learn outside of university.

consequentially, here sits this site, born again in cyberspace. i've stripped
away the past, abandoning years of my old writing[^2] - it isn't much relevant
anymore and I don't care for carrying its weight any longer - and, with a clean
slate to write on, hope to start anew. i might pull an item or two from the old
version of ageof.info, those pieces lost between this form and my first blog,
but i view this new medium with a clear focus looking forward. for those
reading, i hope you find it worth your time.

---

[^1]:i ported/forked a theme from Hugo so i could use it on zola and now depend
on cloudfront and s3 for my hosting. i also got tired of jekyll's build times
and learned (the hard way) that raspberry pi's struggle with intermittent power
outages.


[^2]:besides, they sit safely on an old wordpress.
